Rhidp 3835 home page document how users can customize the home page (#529)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/getting-started/proc-customize-rhdh-homepage.adoc

[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    janus-idp.backstage-plugin-dynamic-home-page:
      dynamicRoutes:
        - path: /
          importName: DynamicHomePage
      mountPoints:
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: SearchBar
          config:
            layouts:
              xl: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              lg: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              md: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              sm: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              xs: { w: 12, h: 1 }
              xxs: { w: 12, h: 1 }
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: QuickAccessCard
          config:
            layouts:
              xl: { w: 7, h: 8 }
              lg: { w: 7, h: 8 }
              md: { w: 7, h: 8 }
              sm: { w: 12, h: 8 }
              xs: { w: 12, h: 8 }
              xxs: { w: 12, h: 8 }
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: CatalogStarredEntitiesCard
          config:
            layouts:
              xl: { w: 5, h: 4, x: 7 }
              lg: { w: 5, h: 4, x: 7 }
              md: { w: 5, h: 4, x: 7 }
              sm: { w: 12, h: 4 }
              xs: { w: 12, h: 4 }
              xxs: { w: 12, h: 4 }

> ----

Reviewer: I would move that section under 

```
== Customizing the Home page cards

Administrators can change the fixed height of cards that are in a 12-column grid.
```

as its part of the customizing.

----

.Available props

|===
| Prop | Default | Description

| `title`
| `Quick Access`
| Override the linked search path if needed

| `path`
| none
| Override the search query parameter name if needed
|===
--

Headline::
+
--
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    janus-idp.backstage-plugin-dynamic-home-page:
      mountPoints:
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: Headline
          config:
            layouts:
              xl: { h: 1 }
              lg: { h: 1 }
              md: { h: 1 }
              sm: { h: 1 }
              xs: { h: 1 }
              xxs: { h: 1 }
            props:
              title: Important info
----

.Available props

|===
| Prop | Default | Description

| `title`
| none
| Title
|===
--

Markdown::
+
--
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    janus-idp.backstage-plugin-dynamic-home-page:
      mountPoints:
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: SearchBar
          config:
            layouts:
              xl: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              lg: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              md: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              sm: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              xs: { w: 12, h: 1 }

>               xxs: { w: 12, h: 1 }

Reviewer: This is the SearchBar example, please replace it with:

```yaml
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    janus-idp.backstage-plugin-dynamic-home-page:
      mountPoints:
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: MarkdownCard
          config:
            layouts:
              xl: { w: 6, h: 4 }
              lg: { w: 6, h: 4 }
              md: { w: 6, h: 4 }
              sm: { w: 6, h: 4 }
              xs: { w: 6, h: 4 }
              xxs: { w: 6, h: 4 }
            props:
              title: Company links
              content: |
                ### RHDH
                * [Website](https://developers.redhat.com/rhdh/overview)
                * [Documentation](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/)
                * [GitHub Showcase](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-showcase)
                * [GitHub Plugins](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-plugins)
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: Markdown
          config:
            layouts:
              xl: { w: 6, h: 4, x: 6 }
              lg: { w: 6, h: 4, x: 6 }
              md: { w: 6, h: 4, x: 6 }
              sm: { w: 6, h: 4, x: 6 }
              xs: { w: 6, h: 4, x: 6 }
              xxs: { w: 6, h: 4, x: 6 }
            props:
              title: Important company links
              content: |
                ### RHDH
                * [Website](https://developers.redhat.com/rhdh/overview)
                * [Documentation](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/)
                * [GitHub Showcase](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-showcase)
                * [GitHub Plugins](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-plugins)
```

----
--

Placeholder::
+
--
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    janus-idp.backstage-plugin-dynamic-home-page:
      mountPoints:
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: SearchBar
          config:
            layouts:
              xl: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              lg: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              md: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              sm: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              xs: { w: 12, h: 1 }

>               xxs: { w: 12, h: 1 }

Reviewer: This is the SearchBar example, please replace it with:

```yaml
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    janus-idp.backstage-plugin-dynamic-home-page:
      mountPoints:
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: Placeholder
          config:
            layouts:
              xl: { w: 1, h: 1 }
              lg: { w: 1, h: 1 }
              md: { w: 1, h: 1 }
              sm: { w: 1, h: 1 }
              xs: { w: 1, h: 1 }
              xxs: { w: 1, h: 1 }
            props:
              showBorder: true
              debugContent: '1'
```

----
--

Catalog starred entities::
+
--
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    janus-idp.backstage-plugin-dynamic-home-page:
      mountPoints:
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: SearchBar
          config:
            layouts:
              xl: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              lg: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              md: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              sm: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              xs: { w: 12, h: 1 }

>               xxs: { w: 12, h: 1 }

Reviewer: This is also the searchbar example, please replace it with:

```yaml
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    janus-idp.backstage-plugin-dynamic-home-page:
      mountPoints:
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: CatalogStarredEntitiesCard
```

Author: Hi @jerolimov, for this yaml and the one for the featured docs, does it mean that we are leaving out the layouts?

----
--

Featured docs::
+
--
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    janus-idp.backstage-plugin-dynamic-home-page:
      mountPoints:
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: SearchBar
          config:
            layouts:
              xl: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              lg: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              md: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              sm: { w: 10, h: 1, x: 1 }
              xs: { w: 12, h: 1 }

>               xxs: { w: 12, h: 1 }

Reviewer: Please update to:

```yaml
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    janus-idp.backstage-plugin-dynamic-home-page:
      mountPoints:
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: FeaturedDocsCard
```

[id='proc-customize-rhdh-homepage_{context}']
= Customizing the Home page in {product}

When using the `app-config`, you can do the following:

* Customize and extend the default Home page layout with additional cards that appear based on the plugins you have installed and enabled. 
* Change quick access links.  
* Add, reorganize, and remove the following available cards:
+
** Search bar
** Quick access
** Headline
** Markdown
** Placeholder
** Catalog starred entities
** Featured docs

> == Customizing the Home page cards

Reviewer 2: This should go in a dedicated procedure file.

                * [GitHub Showcase](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-showcase)
                * [GitHub Plugins](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-plugins)
----
--

Placeholder::
+
--
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    janus-idp.backstage-plugin-dynamic-home-page:
      mountPoints:
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: Placeholder
          config:
            layouts:
              xl: { w: 1, h: 1 }
              lg: { w: 1, h: 1 }
              md: { w: 1, h: 1 }
              sm: { w: 1, h: 1 }
              xs: { w: 1, h: 1 }
              xxs: { w: 1, h: 1 }
            props:
              showBorder: true
              debugContent: '1'
----
--

Catalog starred entities::
+
--
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    janus-idp.backstage-plugin-dynamic-home-page:
      mountPoints:
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: CatalogStarredEntitiesCard
----
--

Featured docs::
+
--
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    janus-idp.backstage-plugin-dynamic-home-page:
      mountPoints:
        - mountPoint: home.page/cards
          importName: FeaturedDocsCard
----
--

> === Defining the layout of the {product} Home page

Reviewer 2: This should be in a dedicated procedure file.

* JSON files hosted on GitHub or GitLab.

> * A dedicated service that provides the Home page data in JSON format using an API.

Reviewer: This intro text should go as an intro text of the new 4.2.

== Using hosted JSON files to provide data to the Home page

When using the `app-config`, you can do the following:

* Customize and extend the default Home page layout with additional cards that appear based on the plugins you have installed and enabled. 
* Change quick access links.  
* Add, reorganize, and remove the following available cards:
+
** Search bar
** Quick access
** Headline
** Markdown
** Placeholder

> ** Catalog starred entities

Reviewer: As discussed in Google meet, I think this is a good intro into the section 4 at all.

+
[source,yaml]
----
proxy:
  endpoints:
    # Other Proxies
    # customize developer hub instance
    '/developer-hub':
      target: <DOMAIN_URL> # i.e https://raw.githubusercontent.com/
      pathRewrite:
        '^/api/proxy/developer-hub': <path to json file> # i.e /janus-idp/backstage-showcase/main/packages/app/public/homepage/data.json
      changeOrigin: true
      secure: true
      # Change to "false" in case of using self hosted cluster with a self-signed certificate
      headers:

> 	<HEADER_KEY>: <HEADER_VALUE> # optional and can be passed as needed i.e Authorization can be passed for private GitHub repo and PRIVATE-TOKEN can be passed for private GitLab repo

Reviewer: As discussed in google meet, we should restore that section.

	<HEADER_KEY>: <HEADER_VALUE> # optional and can be passed as needed i.e Authorization can be passed for private GitHub repo and PRIVATE-TOKEN can be passed for private GitLab repo
----

> === Using a dedicated service to provide data to the Home page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Using a dedicated service to provide data to the Quick access card
```
